README.md, before:

# Cook-App-React-Native
![image of home screen](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=12JDByIznxYRLoD3CTU25G7IwVzbgL6YA)
It's a cooking recipe app built with Expo react native:

* I used formik and yup to build dynamic form with form validation to help users upload valid recipes. 
![image of form](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1H2aMqJVvoh0swv1YFZK3sDAn_kEMMhEz)
* I used firebase for text authentication and image storage and database.
![image of text signin](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1n8jJDry1HAdSVULmMmZwOxkR9-BU2AqL)
* Part of app UI is what I borrowed from the design of Spotify IOS UI.
* The search function is implemented using text align algoirthm.
![image of search](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1gLV0EJKxaWpev7D3YvGl__TqRcgJArOh)
* The genre search function is simply achieved through tags.
![image of genres](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1dHHfx5FOH7gbGiwSszEwFKAl3lO5wqAN)
* Logged-in User will have profiles where they can change their display name and profile picture, and see recipes that they made or liked
![image of profile](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1qBVWWSeyPrL9E2LglBoLy5MACTvqiARI)
Features: 
- Users can upload their recipes including pictures. 
![image of recipes upload](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1ZjFl3Co31pVJ_WosDRd9uYd7KMKRiF9m)
- Users can view others' recipes and favourite them.
![image of recipe detail](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1Y_Key6CN2krijQZmCqeUMvDwoMBegZ8f)
![image of recipe unlike](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1XCJ2jN-ItuWwgg_qyVTOh6xFvJdLSMMb)
- Users can search recipes by name or tags.
- Users can have user profile where they can see and edit their profile picture and display name, and view recipes made by them or liked by them
![image of change profile](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1zl30txIInNElXPBr04jOMdyr5BUnNbJM)
- Users can log in through text

published to Expo, use this link to try on Expo: exp://exp.host/@songchen/plant-app

Commit message:

put link in the top

README.md, after:

# Cook-App-React-Native
Published to Expo, use this link to try on Expo: exp://exp.host/@songchen/plant-app

![image of home screen](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=12JDByIznxYRLoD3CTU25G7IwVzbgL6YA)
It's a cooking recipe app built with Expo react native:

* I used formik and yup to build dynamic form with form validation to help users upload valid recipes. 
![image of form](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1H2aMqJVvoh0swv1YFZK3sDAn_kEMMhEz)
* I used firebase for text authentication and image storage and database.
![image of text signin](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1n8jJDry1HAdSVULmMmZwOxkR9-BU2AqL)
* Part of app UI is what I borrowed from the design of Spotify IOS UI.
* The search function is implemented using text align algoirthm.
![image of search](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1gLV0EJKxaWpev7D3YvGl__TqRcgJArOh)
* The genre search function is simply achieved through tags.
![image of genres](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1dHHfx5FOH7gbGiwSszEwFKAl3lO5wqAN)
* Logged-in User will have profiles where they can change their display name and profile picture, and see recipes that they made or liked
![image of profile](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1qBVWWSeyPrL9E2LglBoLy5MACTvqiARI)
Features: 
- Users can upload their recipes including pictures. 
![image of recipes upload](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1ZjFl3Co31pVJ_WosDRd9uYd7KMKRiF9m)
- Users can view others' recipes and favourite them.
![image of recipe detail](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1Y_Key6CN2krijQZmCqeUMvDwoMBegZ8f)
![image of recipe unlike](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1XCJ2jN-ItuWwgg_qyVTOh6xFvJdLSMMb)
- Users can search recipes by name or tags.
- Users can have user profile where they can see and edit their profile picture and display name, and view recipes made by them or liked by them
![image of change profile](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1zl30txIInNElXPBr04jOMdyr5BUnNbJM)
- Users can log in through text

published to Expo, use this link to try on Expo: exp://exp.host/@songchen/plant-app
